the law welcomes another video
what series need for speed monster year
this time the chevrolet cobalt ss esse
car different from others for example
first victim an excellent curve the
second of an excellent acceleration this
here his differential is the top speed or
whether it is maximum speed
that reaches until the last march to
compensate for this lack of acceleration and
curve would be ideal in the beginning as
Spare a buck when you buy
it's a unifesp starter car
ã showed the léo you just use
this money left increasing
acceleration or increasing the force of
his curve
this death or a petty notification
basic in the visual how to test and
now on the track I'll choose that one
the race that was left was just a
circuit
Let's see how this car here in
track this monster
Come on, it's raining on the other video too.
his bailout also in 4 I could not
catch the perfect and so are in
last
Let's see if I can get it first.
place with this car
not gaining speed
You can manage to pass if I'm not mistaken.
there is a shortcut here close by but
never mind
come on you like the one on the eighth curve
iron besides quickie not from here not
I managed to hold the car but saw
precisely because of the lack of acceleration
compared to others in the head other
after a beat but nothing
that the car does not regain its speed
after allowing overtaking
I find any form I particularly
I do not like to sound sincere in cars
form of carbon dedicated to trade
with that other car that is more
old and did not play camaro chevrolet
that his differential is precisely the
thus be the celebration of an animal that
he carries a very absurd monster of
acceleration
I take this shortcut to have a
a skid a skid there is nothing
that I can not hold here in the
fifth march
the difference is that for example here in
fifth gear in this car
I 'm reaching more or less the maximum
than I salt with senna clift point
ie the fifth gear this one is already
the maximum that other fiat despite that
for example the other film that can
get the most out of it
different from that which takes time
can get maximum speed but
nothing that is absurd to have lived in
prison if update button here d
I won well at school and another fiat.
another place for a car that holds
more
so you do not have much to talk about
steal a car that has a lot of top speed
ie a car that reaches speeds
very high
but as at the beginning there is not much clue
that you can keep the car in
steady and continuous acceleration
the cobalt in a car that I suggest is
very good start you no longer will be a
excellent car for the second stage
got a top speed you're going
unlock 1 to 1 nitro in the after
defeat the first blacklist then a
own car is almost
arriving in 2070
is a car is great for you and for
second stage a complex of 14 but you
likes car with gum with a top ask for
high
This is what is great for you.
file that I did is that pandemonium in the
Traffic
I hope you have enjoyed this
video was very short nothing too much
years - only to demonstrate how
Does this car work a skid here?
eita will combine with the
truck driver
the goal according to the police then
here the video if you liked
favorite and gave him that the house has
been shown to negatively affect the
if possible sign up for the channel and let
a comment a hug will have the
Next video bye bye